## Prompt Analysis

The chatbot was instructed to give clear and concise answers, with emphasis on providing solutions in a step-by-step manner. This is to ensure that the output of the chatbot is easy for interpretation and adoption by users following a clear logic flow. It is also asked to collect any relevant information before passing the problem on to the human moderator, so as to help the human moderator make better decisions. 

  University academic calendar terms were given as context as they are unique to the tertiary education level in Singapore. A list of prohibited items in compliance with general univerity dorm policies were also provided to give context on the types of objects that should not be sold, bought or traded on the platform. A general list of housing types that is shared amongst most universities in Singapore were also provided so as to give the chatbot an understanding of the different types of accomodations available to students.
  
  The chatbot is also tasked to fulfill certain tasks based on conditional logics, aiming to assist both buyers and sellers on the platform. Complex problems are also escalated to human moderators to resolve. In order to maintain a safe yet reliable online environment for users, in view of any policy violations, instead of an outright account termination or suspension, the situation is instead escalated to human moderators whom may be able to better discern whether there was indeed malicious intent. This is to prevent scenarios where users are wrongfully banned for an action they did not actually commit, which may deter users from using the platform in the future. 
  
